To die haha
Hahahaha!
It's okay, I'm here, don't be afraid.
Why are you here?
I was notified that you are in danger
So I came over immediately
Don't worry about Yaoyao.
Yaoyao, I will arrange for people to guard it at all times
Absolutely no problem
Boy, how dare you beat me
Are you impatient to live?
I don't care who you are.
You're just someone else's gun
Get your mastermind out
If you want to do it quickly
I have no time to delay
Ozawa, do you dare not take me seriously?
You are not their opponent, you are you
Xiao Chen, be careful, he is the head of the Lin family
It must be for Lin Shangyang
Came to settle accounts with us
Don't worry.
Emotions stay next to me and no one can move
You really beat the little one out and the old one.
I didn't go to your Lin family.
You bring it to your door yourself
Tell me if there's any old guy behind it
Xiao Chen can kill the people of the Snow Wolf Mercenary Group
I know you have some skills
But I set a net today
You must die
That's what your son said before
Now it's better to live than to die
speak out
You don't have much time left.
What you did to my son
I will return it to you a hundredfold
I'll show you what's real
Life is better than death
I don't get it.
I just want my wife and kids to be hot
The peaceful life of Kangtou
Why do you keep doing it again and again?
Over and over again, people are sent here to die
Xiao Chen
I know you have some skills
I borrowed the iron blood bit from the Xiao family
Tigers lose to wolves
It must be you who died